# Contributing Guide
Thank you so much for contributing and writing in our blog. Here are a few things you should know before contributing :

## Post convention
- Dont write your own `h1` it will be generated by next.js
- Put your file inside the `_post/` directory
- Name your file `{year}-{month}-{date}-{title_of_post}-{author}.md`
- Here are the required headers
``` 
title: 'title of post'
description: 'description of post'
date: '2022-04-15'
image: 'assets/images/name_of_your_image.jpg'
```
- Here are the optional headers
```
author: 'name/pseudonym'
modified_date: '2022-05-31'
```
- Place your image under the `public/assets/images/` directory. Howerver,your image needs to be refered to as `assets/images/your_image.png` in the header

### Title
Please use titles that is SEO-friendly and and interesting.

### Images
Please get an interesting high resolution image for your article. Make sure it is relevant to your post. No worries, it can be a meme too.
Name your image something unique and identifiable to your post 

#### License
Make sure to use images that has a permissive license.

### Design
Make sure to check your article headers and subheaders. They can't be too long or too short. they need to work with the design.

### Code blocks
All code that you post will have a [Creative Commons 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). So dont share anything you dont want others to use.
Note: you need to specify the language for the syntax highlighting to work


## Code of Conduct
Kambing blog uses [rust code of conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct). Every contributor and blog post must follow the rules expressed there. Please open an issue if you notice activities/posts that violates the code of conduct.

## Pull Request
Dont commit directly to this repo, make a pull request. This makes sure that each post can be reviewed by other members.

### Commit and PR naming convention
- Post related commits should use `post [new/rev/del]: <description>` format as the commit message, with the following scope:
	- `new`: new post
	- `rev`: revision of a post that already exist
	- `del`: removal of a post

    Commit message example :
	```
    post [new]: created article about docker
	post [rev]: fixed typo
	post [del]: author asked for removal
	```
- Code related commit should be name according to [conventionalcommits.org](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- Post related PR should be named simply `post: {name of post}`
- Code related PR should be name according to conventionalcommits.org

### Refusal
If three or more of our members vote to refuse a PR we will close the PR with an explanation.

## Kambing Contributor License Agreement

In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, **Bukan Kambing** ("Kambing") must have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of Kambing; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to Kambing. Except for the license granted herein to Kambing and recipients of software distributed by Kambing, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions.

    "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Kambing. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

    "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to Kambing for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Kambing (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Kambing or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Kambing for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Kambing and to recipients of software distributed by Kambing a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

2. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Kambing and to recipients of software distributed by Kambing a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to Kambing, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with Kambing.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to Kambing separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. You agree to notify Kambing of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.
